title: 'Chapter Officers for 2024'|11/06/23 11:11 pm|:::news: - '2023'|%%%****The following candidates are standing for officer positions in the Kitakyushu JALT chapter for the period of office from November 2024 to November 2025:****************	Chapter President - Paul Collett ****	Membership Chair - Charlie Bell****	Co-Programme Chairs - Malcolm Swanson; Andrew Zitzmann-****	Publicity Chair - To be confirmed****	Reporting Secretary - Markus Yong****	Treasurer - Greg Holloway****	Internet Services - Paul Collett****************See the candidate bio statements for more information about each candidate.******** ********According to Bylaw III-4, of the chapter constitution: If no officer positions are being contested among two or more candidates, the JALT Kitakyushu Executive Board may present the full slate of officers to the membership at the Annual General Meeting for approval by the members present. If there are contested positions, elections will take place at the Annual General Meeting or prior to the AGM via the Internet, with the results subject to approval by the JALT Kitakyushu Executive Board.****************The chapter AGM is scheduled to be held at our regular meeting on November 11th, 2023, from 6:00 pm.******** 
title: 'Call for Presenters (reopened): November 2023 - Lightning Sessions: Focus on Classroom Practices'|09/20/23 07:57 am|:::news: - '2023'|%%%Join us for our rescheduled Kitakyushu JALT Lightning Sessions event. As our originally-planned July session was cancelled, we are going to reopen the call for presentations, and schedule this new event for November.****All members are invited to consider presenting; come and share your ideas in a friendly, relaxed environment.****We welcome presentations related to different aspects of classroom practice. We especially encourage less experienced presenters to apply, or presentations on ideas that may still be in development.********All presenters for this session will have up to 15 minutes to do their talk, with time for questions and answers at the end. ********Places are limited to a maximum of 6 presenters, so please get your suggestions in soon!********Date: Saturday, November 11th, 6:00pm - 8:00pm****Place: Kitakyushu Manabito ESD Station, Kokura****Deadline for submissions: October 22nd****Submit your presentation proposal here************
title: 'Chapter Officers for 2023'|10/23/22 11:29 am|:::news: - '2022'|%%%****The following candidates are standing for officer positions in the Kitakyushu JALT chapter for the period of office from November 2023 to November 2024:****************	Chapter President - Malcolm Swanson****	Membership Chair - Charlie Bell****	Program Chair - Paul Collett****	Publicity Chair - Andrew Zitzmann****	Reporting Secretary - Markus Yong****	Treasurer - Gareth Steele****	Website Editor - Paul Collett****************See the candidate bio statements for more information about each candidate.******** ********According to Bylaw III-4, of the chapter constitution: If no officer positions are being contested among two or more candidates, the JALT Kitakyushu Executive Board may present the full slate of officers to the membership at the Annual General Meeting for approval by the members present. If there are contested positions, elections will take place at the Annual General Meeting or prior to the AGM via the Internet, with the results subject to approval by the JALT Kitakyushu Executive Board.****************The chapter AGM is scheduled to be held at our regular meeting on November 5th, 2022, from 5:00 pm.******** 
title: 'Chapter Officers for 2021'|10/22/20 05:36 pm|:::news: - '2020'|%%%The following candidates are standing for officer positions in the Kitakyushu JALT chapter for the period of office from November 2020 to November 2021:********Position: Chapter President****Candidate: Jason McDonald****The chapter president is responsible to organize and oversee the other officers, ensure that all the presenters are taken care of and generally manage chapter business. The chapter president also will report to the national JALT board both through the Executive Board Meetings held three times per year and through a written report of chapter business, submitted once per year.****Jason McDonald is a language school owner living in Kanda. Originally from Canada, Jason has lived in Japan for nearly twenty years.********Position: Membership Chair****Candidate: Charlie Bell****I have been in charge of membership for the past four years, and I am more than happy to continue my duties as membership chair. I'll try my best to keep those numbers up after the COVID situation settles down.****Charlie Bell comes from Reading, in the UK. He has an MA TESOL from the University of Birmingham. Charlie has been teaching in Japan for almost seven years in a variety of different teaching jobs, and currently holds a full-time position as an English lecturer at a local medical university.********Positions: Program Chair / Website Manager****Candidate: Paul Collett****The program chair is responsible for finding & organising & scheduling presenters at the chapter. As well as contacting possible speakers to see if they are interested in presenting, other duties include helping the speakers with transportation and accommodation arrangements, where necessary. Where possible, the chair may work with other chapters and SIGs to help share the costs involved in putting on events, or creating opportunities for speakers to present at a number of chapters in the region.****Paul Collett has been a member of the chapter for more than 20 years, and has maintained the chapter's internet services for a number of those. He is currently employed at Shimonoseki City University. ********Position: Publicity Chair****Candidate: Andrew Zitzmann****The Publicity Chair will contact the membership in a timely manner, informing them of the details of JALT events. Additionally the Publicity Chair is resposible for the maintenance of the Facebook, Twitter and other social media accounts.****Andrew Zitzmann is the current Publicity chair. He is employed at Seinan Jo Gakuin University.********Position: Reporting Secretary****Candidate: Markus Yong****As reporting secretary, my duties include writing summaries as well as recording, editing and posting videos of all our chapter meetings.****Markus Yong is from Australia and have been teaching English for 14 years at all levels.********Position: Treasurer****Candidate: Juha Vaittinen****To oversee the disbursement of funds from JALT national to the Kitakyushu JALT chapter. The treasurer will submit monthly reports to the National office regarding the state of the chapter funds as well as oversee any payments from the chapter to speakers, renting of venue, and various other expenses related to the chapter.****Juha Vaittinen is the current Treasurer of Kitakyushu JALT, a position he has held for the past four years.********According to Bylaw III-4, of the chapter constitution: If no officer positions are being contested among two or more candidates, the JALT Kitakyushu Executive Board may present the full slate of officers to the membership at the Annual General Meeting for approval by the members present. If there are contested positions, elections will take place at the Annual General Meeting or prior to the AGM via the Internet, with the results subject to approval by the JALT Kitakyushu Executive Board.********The chapter AGM is scheduled to be held from 6:30 pm to 7:00 pm, prior to our regular meeting on November 14, 2020.****
title: 'Chapter Officers for 2020'|10/15/19 07:05 pm|:::news: - '2019'|%%%****The following candidates are standing for officer positions in the Kitakyushu JALT chapter for the period of office from November 2019 to November 2020:****************	Chapter President - Jason McDonald****	Membership Chair - Charlie Bell****	Program Chair - Paul Collett****	Publicity Chair - Andrew Zitzmann****	Reporting Secretary - Markus Yong****	Co-Treasurer - Juha Vaittinen****        Co-Treasurer - Kevin Weir****	Website Editor - Paul Collett****************According to Bylaw III-4, of the chapter constitution: If no officer positions are being contested among two or more candidates, the JALT Kitakyushu Executive Board may present the full slate of officers to the membership at the Annual General Meeting for approval by the members present. If there are contested positions, elections will take place at the Annual General Meeting or prior to the AGM via the Internet, with the results subject to approval by the JALT Kitakyushu Executive Board.****************The chapter AGM is scheduled to be held at our regular meeting on November 9th, 2019, from 7:00 pm.******** 
title: 'Call for Presenters in 2018 /2019'|05/17/18 09:52 pm|:::news: - '2018'|%%%Call for Presenters - November 2018 Pecha Kucha event****A Pecha Kucha presentation is when 20 slides are shown for 20 seconds each (6 minutes and 40 seconds in total). We are looking for presenters for our November event. Any and all are welcome to present on topics related to language teaching and learning.****This creative event promises to be a rewarding experience for all involved where people can have fun sharing ideas and thoughts about their classroom experiences and research.********Call for Presenters - Kitakyushu JALT 2019****We are looking for presenters who are able to present on topics of interest and relevance to our membership. Events are usually scheduled on the 2nd Saturday of the month in a 90-minute time slot from 7:00 - 8:30 pm, in a venue in central Kokura. We currently have openings for January - July, September & October, but these are likely to fill up fast.****While we cannot offer an honorarium to presenters who are local chapter members, we are able to cover transportation fees.****Come and present your teaching methods, research findings, or other related content to a friendly, supportive audience. Individual or group presentation proposals are welcome, as are suggestions for alternative styles.********Please direct all proposals or queries for more details to the chapter program chair, Paul Collett, collett@jalt.org
title: 'Zoltán Dörnyei presentation'|01/03/18 06:08 pm|:::news: - '2018'|%%%The well-known researcher and authority on motivation in language learning, Zoltán Dörnyei, will be presenting at Kitakyushu JALT in June 2018. More information.
title: '2017 Year-End Social'|12/04/17 10:08 am|:::news: - '2017'|%%%While there's no meeting scheduled for December, join us for our year-end social on December 9th. Read on for details.
title: 'Officers for 2018'|11/06/17 04:30 pm|:::news: - '2017'|%%%Details of our officer line-up for 2018 are available here: http://jalt.org/chapters/kq/content/chapter-officers-2018.********There are a few changes this year, with president Zack Robertson stepping down after serving for a number of years. We thank him for his time and dedication to the Kitakyushu chapter. 
title: 'Change in meeting time and venue'|10/02/17 04:13 pm|:::news: - '2017'|%%%Please note that we will be moving to a new venue near Nishikokura for the remainder of this year's meetings. Details are on the location page. ********We will also be moving the starting time of the meetings back a little, so meetings will now run from 7:00 pm - 9;00 pm.
title: '2016 Annual General Meeting (AGM) Minutes '|11/08/16 06:18 pm|:::news: - '2016'|%%%Minutes for the 2015 Kitakyushu JALT AGM, held October 8, 2016.
title: '2016-2017 Chapter Officer Election'|10/31/16 10:13 pm|:::news: - '2016'|%%%The time for our annual chapter officer election for 2016-2017 has rolled around once again. Voting will run until November 12th. All Kitakyushu chapter members are encouraged to participate in the election, as it only takes a few minutes and provides our officers with a vote of confidence. Please follow the links below to read about the candidates and cast your vote online any time between now and November 12th.********http://jalt.org/chapters/kq/content/2016-election-statements****http://jalt.org/chapters/kq/content/chapter-officers-election********The results of the election will be announced at our November chapter meeting, and the new officers will officially begin their terms after the JALT2016 international conference at the end of November.
title: '2016 Summer Social'|06/27/16 10:14 am|:::news: - '2016'|%%%Our annual summer social event is coming up. Join us at the Rihga Royal Hotel Beer Hall for a relaxing time meeting and chatting with chapter members & friends. All welcome. We have 20 seats reserved, so let us know soon if you are interested in attending.********	Venue: Rihga Royal Hotel (Kokura - link in Japanese)****	Date: July 9th****	Time: 5:30-9:00 PM****	Meeting Place: We will depart from Kokura Station at 5:15 PM.****	Cost: 4,500 yen (no coupon required)****	Contact****
title: 'Kitakyushu JALT 2015 Officer Election Report'|11/25/15 06:38 pm|:::news: - '2015'|%%%Elections for our chapter officers were held online during November 2015. The following person(s) and position(s) were voted in by a total of 26 chapter members.********All officers both returning and new received 26 votes ************President: Zachary Robertson                 ( Returning )      26 votes ****Membership Chair: Markus Yong            ( New )              26 votes ****Program Chair: Michael Berg                  ( Returning )      26 votes ****Publicity Chair: Jason McDonald             ( Returning )      26 votes ****Recording Secretary: Jamar Miller           ( Returning )      26 votes ****Treasurer: Andrew Quentin                     ( New )               26 votes ****Internet Services Manager: Paul Collett ( Returning )       26 votes ********Kitakyushu JALT would like to thank all members for voting and for the new and incoming officers for filling the positions for another year.
title: 'Officer Elections'|10/26/15 11:58 am|:::news: - '2015'|%%%Voting is now open to elect the chapter officers for the upcoming year. All Kitakyushu chapter members are eligible to vote.****See the candidate statements here: ****http://jalt.org/chapters/kq/content/2015-election-statements****and cast votes via this page:****http://jalt.org/chapters/kq/content/chapter-officers-election****
title: '2015 Annual General Meeting (AGM) Minutes'|10/11/15 07:08 pm|:::news: - '2015'|%%%Minutes for the 2015 Kitakyushu JALT AGM, held October 10, 2015.
title: '2015 Summer Social'|06/14/15 10:52 am|:::news: - '2015'|%%%Join us for the 2015 Kitakyushu JALT summer social. This year, we'll be enjoying the tabehodai/nomihodai (all-you-can eat and drink) service at the Rihga Royal Hotel Beer Hall, July 7, from 5:30 pm (closing time is 9:00 pm). The cost is ¥5,000 (¥1,000 for children up to Junior High School age), and includes a wide range of food and drinks with no time limit. All welcome, JALT members and non-members alike.********We'll be meeting in front of the hotel a little before 5:30 pm on the day.********More information on the beer hall is available here (in Japanese): http://www.rihga.co.jp/kokura/event/detail/beerhall2015.html or us for information.
title: 'Call for Presentations: neuroELT Brain Days Conference'|04/26/14 08:50 am|:::news: - '2014'|%%%May 5 is the deadline for presentation proposals for this year's Brain Days Neuroscience in ELT conference.********The conference will be in Kitakyushu July 19-21. There's a special 2-for-the-price-of-1 early registration deal (the organisers received a grant from the city) so you and a friend new to the conference can register for 14,000 yen (US$140) for two. Send in your proposal soon!  More details are available here:  http://fab-efl.com/page1/index.html****
title: 'Chapter Committee Elections'|09/25/13 09:27 am|:::news: - '2013'|%%%It's time to elect the new slate of officers for the Kitakyushu JALT chapter for 2013-2014—or to ratify those who are standing. See the list of candidates at http://jalt.org/chapters/kq/content/2013-election-statements.********All members of the Kitakyushu JALT chapter are eligible to vote. Each member may vote once. All voting is to be done online, with voting closing on 9 October. You can place your vote here.
title: 'Learner Development SIG Grants'|02/24/13 01:32 pm|:::news: - '2013'|%%%This year the Learner Development SIG is aiming to support current SIG members by offering research grants, PAN-SIG and JALT National conference grants as well as the SIG's 20th anniversary conference. Also, in order to reach out to potential new members in under-represented areas of the SIG, we are offering free LD SIG memberships / subscriptions. In particular, we are hoping to encourage elementary school teachers / teachers of children, junior and senior high school teachers, language school teachers, and teachers currently doing graduate studies to join the SIG so that we can broaden our range of perspectives on issues connected with learner development and learner & teacher autonomy. This, we trust, will enrich opportunities for collaborative learning among SIG members.********The deadline for all this year’s Learner Development SIG Grants  is March 5th, except for the JALT National conference grants and the LD-SIG 20th Anniversary grants (for which the deadline is June 20th). Please note that applications can be made in Japanese or English.********Full details are available at http://ld-sig.org/grant2013/
title: 'Schedule for 2013'|12/19/12 04:41 pm|:::news: - '2012'|%%%As usual we have a full scheduled lined up for 2013, with a wide range of presentations. Below you can find an attached PDF document that you're welcome to print out and put up at your workplace, or pass around your to colleagues. Help spread the word and let others know what Kitakyushu JALT has to offer for the year.
title: 'Kitakyushu International Haiku Event, November 3rd'|10/30/12 05:31 pm|:::news: - '2012'|%%%Kitakyushu JALT is co-sponsoring the Kitakyushu International Haiku Event to be held on Saturday 3 November at the Kitakyushu International Conference Center. There will be a workshop from 13:00-14:15, followed by a lecture Poems for the Seasons by David McMurray. The event will finish with the International Haiku Contest Awards Ceremony.
title: '2013 Chapter Committee Elections'|09/08/12 08:01 am|:::news: - '2012'|%%%Elections for our 2012-2013 chapter committee are now closed. Results will be announced at the October 2012 meeting, and posted on the website following this.********Thanks to all those who took the time to vote.********(Candidate statements can be found at http://jalt.org/chapters/kq/content/2012-election-statements.)
title: 'FAB3: First Annual Brain Days (International Three Day TEFL Certification Event)'|03/11/12 11:06 pm|:::news: - '2012'|%%%The organizing committee of FAB3 invites interested teachers/researchers to submit presentation proposals for the FAB3 Conference, which will be held on July 14 ‐ 16th, 2012 in Kitakyushu (Saturday, Sunday, and Monday ‐a three day weekend in Japan). ********How can Neuroscience, Psychology, and English Language Teaching (ELT) inform each other for the benefit of students and teachers? This question is at the core of our FAB events. We are asking teachers/researchers to connect at least two out of the three (Neuroscience, Psychology, and ELT) areas and choose the best format for their presentation. Formats are: Poster session, Pecha Kucha, 20 min., and 50 min.********Featured Speakers include Curtis Kelly, Marc Helgesen, Tim Murphey, and Robert S. Murphy.********TEFL certification is available as an option (additional work required for full certification). Participation certificates will be available upon request.********Full details: http://fab-efl.com/
title: 'February 2012 Meeting - new venue'|12/18/11 04:37 pm|:::news: - '2011'|%%%Please note, our February 2012 meeting Developing resources for self-directed learning will not be taking place at the regular venue. Instead it will be held at Wel Tobata which is a one-minute walk from JR Tobata station (access map here). The date and starting time remain the same - 6:30 pm, Feb 11.
title: 'End-of-Year Social Event'|11/28/11 02:15 pm|:::news: - '2011'|%%%While we have no meeting scheduled for December, join us for the Kitakyushu JALT Chapter’s End of Year Social Event. Meet other members, enjoy some delicious Italian food, and reflect upon the year gone by and the year ahead. Non-members are also encouraged to attend.********Date: 10th (Sat) December, from 19:30	****Place: Tio Pepe, Kokura****Four course menu & drinks (Italian), 4,200 yen per person.********RSVP by 5th December.********See the attached PDF file for full details.****
title: 'Chapter Elections'|10/11/11 06:37 am|:::news: - '2011'|%%%Voting for the 2012 officers has now closed. Thanks to all those who took part. Details of the new officer lineup will be available soon.
title: 'August and September'|07/14/11 09:42 pm|:::news: - '2011'|%%%While we have no event planned for August, please join us for a special presentation by Rod Ellis from the University of Auckland, scheduled for September 2nd. Full details are available here: http://jalt.org/chapters/kq/schedule/2011/september/02. We'll also be having our regular September meeting on the 10th: http://jalt.org/chapters/kq/schedule/2011/september/10. 
title: 'End of Year Social Event'|11/26/10 12:44 am|:::news: - '2010'|%%%This December, instead of our usual meeting format, we will be holding a social event to celebrate the end of the year. This will be a great opportunity to not only meet other members, but to also chat and share ideas and thoughts in an informal setting. We hope many of our members, and others, will attend this year's end of year party. For more details, read on.****
title: 'September Special: MASH ETJ JALT Equinox'|06/25/10 09:29 am|:::news: - '2010'|%%%Keep your calendars free for September 23rd as we will be holding a special one-day event in collaboration with ETJ-KK. The plenary speaker for this event will be Scott Thornbury who will be talking about How To Make Grammar Easy (By First Making It Difficult!). There will also be three local speakers giving presentations of special interest to JTEs in elementary and secondary schools.********The event runs from 1:15 p.m. to 4:30 p.m. on September 23, 2010 at the Kitakyushu International Conference Center. It's ¥1,000 (members) ¥2,000 (non members). Full details can be found at http://web.me.com/murphyschool.com/equinox-kq/index.html/.****************
title: 'Later starting Time'|03/07/10 05:25 pm|:::news: - '2010'|%%%Please note that presentations are now starting at 6:30 pm. Doors open around 15 minutes before the presentation starting time with the meetings usually running until 8:00 pm. Unless otherwise noted, Kitakyushu JALT events are held on the 2nd Saturday of every month.
title: '2010 Schedule'|01/08/10 10:34 pm|:::news: - '2010'|%%%Our schedule for 2010 has been finalized. Here's what you can look forward to over the year:************January 9: Developing Japanese learners’ use of the English article system through task-based learning in an intermediate level University program – Neil Millington and Colin Thompson****February 13: CALL in the classroom: Possibilities and outcomes – Paul Collett and Malcolm Swanson****March 13: Using Manga translation for deeper understanding in the English classroom – Robert Murphy****April 10: Implementing differing SLA theories into teaching – Matthew Jenkins****May 8: Developing personalized portfolio rubrics for the EFL classroom – Steve Quasha****June 12: How and why to improve reading speed – Ken Gibson****July 10: Looking it up: A panel on dictionary use – Mark Gibson, Yoko Yoshizawa, Go Yoshizawa and David Latz (with a Summer Social event held after the meeting)****September 11: My Share: Internet Resources****October 9: Portfolios, assessment and institutions: MMU – An interim report – Hugh Nicoll****November 13: Teaching and learning English humour: In principle and practice – Richard Hodson****December 11: Year-end Party************ Please be aware that unforeseen circumstances can always arise, which may result in changes to the schedule. Full, and up-to-date details of each event will be available on the schedule page   at least one month before the event, and any changes will be advertised on the website.